Dog tired wake up
Heard he's a night owl
VOX AC30 Watt yo
Part of his own crowd, telecaster on his back, sees his band mate what's up yaho!
Been low mood for the part time job
Got his guard up at the band battle
Getting stage fright, want to run,
but I'm telling you BOY

Listen up boys and girls
You know riches and talent are nothing but distractions so forget them all
Boys be ambitious(That's right). Like this old man
You with that long fringe over there
Who is it worship?

You think you're the  worshipper but really you're the leader!

Rockin' rockin out to the rock a roll
Electric guitar strumming to the beat yeah me
Don't stop! Don't stop!

Let it out to the whole wide world,
Every little OL'piece of you is

Rockin' rockin out to the rock a roll

Start making some progress,
How's the song going?
What's up your sleeve next?

Popularity-wise it must be tough for you
guy but at least you've got a reputation

Well, of course you'd say that anon
Cause you won't even show your real icon
Insecurities go away
when you grow up Boy

I'll get you onto my level your sly tricks don't feel me
10 years from now that pretty makeup will fade away

Boys be ambitious (That's right) Like this old man
Survival is key to this, don't look back take a selfie.

We ain't dying no not here, neither of us are 

Rockin' rockin out to the rock n roll
Even a snappy love song will do right now just
Don't stop! Don't stop!

Let me see you try to go
Steal her heart as fast as you are

Rockin' rockin out to the rock n roll

What a half assed attitude, I don't see the point in that.
The throat weds in my hand, they're filled with the bitter taste of.

Respite from anxiety and peet pressure
There's something I need to say

I've caught a cold and I have lost my voice!

Huh.. Better shut up and get a grip Baby

We ain't dying no not here, neither of us are

Rockin' rockin out to the rock n roll
Electric guitar strumming to the beat yeah me
Don't stop! Don't stop!

Let it all out to the world,
Every little piece of you is

Rockin' rockin out to the rock n roll
Rockin' rockin out to the rock n roll
